Update create-ca-certificate-requests.md (#3194)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeServer/architecture/client-access/create-ca-certificate-requests.md

## Use the EAC to create a new certificate request

> [!NOTE]

> > ECP certificate request has been deprecated in Exchange 2019 CU12 and higher and in Exchange 2016 CU23 and higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ECP certificate requests have been deprecated in Exchange 2019 Cumulative Update 12 and later and in Exchange 2016 Cumulative Update 23 and later.
```
